Extend plot_csd support to SEEG, ECoG, and DBS channel types (#13713)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/13713.other.rst

> Refactored CSD channel-type indexing to support all data channel types using ``_DATA_CH_TYPES_SPLIT`` and ``DEFAULTS``, removing hardcoded handling and reducing duplicated logic with covariance plotting, by `Aniket Singh Yadav`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extended support for visualising cross-spectral densities in :func:`mne.viz.plot_csd` and :meth:`mne.time_frequency.CSD.plot` to all types of :term:`data channels`, by `Aniket Singh Yadav`_.
```
This sort of technical info isn't relevant to users. What's more informative is describing what has changed in terms of public-facing elements.
